[datadog_monitor] add opt-in behavior on restricted_roles (#3017)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/monitor.md

- `group_retention_duration` (String) The time span after which groups with missing data are dropped from the monitor state. The minimum value is one hour, and the maximum value is 72 hours. Example values are: 60m, 1h, and 2d. This option is only available for APM Trace Analytics, Audit Trail, CI, Error Tracking, Event, Logs, and RUM monitors.
- `groupby_simple_monitor` (Boolean) Whether or not to trigger one alert if any source breaches a threshold. This is only used by log monitors. Defaults to `false`.
- `include_tags` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether notifications from this monitor automatically insert its triggering tags into the title. Defaults to `true`.

> - `locked` (Boolean, Deprecated) A boolean indicating whether changes to this monitor should be restricted to the creator or admins. Defaults to `false`. **Deprecated.** Use `datadog_restriction_policy` resource to manage monitor permission instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `locked` (Boolean, Deprecated) A boolean indicating whether changes to this monitor should be restricted to the creator or admins. Defaults to `false`. **Deprecated.** Use `datadog_restriction_policy` resource to manage monitor permissions instead.
```

- `renotify_occurrences` (Number) The number of re-notification messages that should be sent on the current status.
- `renotify_statuses` (Set of String) The types of statuses for which re-notification messages should be sent. Valid values are `alert`, `warn`, `no data`.
- `require_full_window` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether this monitor needs a full window of data before it's evaluated. Datadog strongly recommends you set this to `false` for sparse metrics, otherwise some evaluations may be skipped. If there's a custom_schedule set, `require_full_window` must be false and will be ignored. Defaults to `true`.

> - `restricted_roles` (Set of String, Deprecated) A list of unique role identifiers to define which roles are allowed to edit the monitor. Editing a monitor includes any updates to the monitor configuration, monitor deletion, and muting of the monitor for any amount of time. Roles unique identifiers can be pulled from the [Roles API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/roles/#list-roles) in the `data.id` field. If this attribute is not configured, Terraform will ignore any restricted roles changes in this resource. **Deprecated.** The `restricted_roles` argument is deprecated. Use `datadog_restriction_policy` resource to manage monitor permission instead.

Reviewer: Which attribute are you referring to in "If this attribute is not configured..."

```suggestion
- `restricted_roles` (Set of String, Deprecated) A list of unique role identifiers to define which roles are allowed to edit the monitor. Editing a monitor includes any updates to the monitor configuration, monitor deletion, and muting of the monitor for any amount of time. Roles unique identifiers can be pulled from the [Roles API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/roles/#list-roles) in the `data.id` field. If this attribute is not configured, Terraform ignores any restricted roles changes in this resource. **Deprecated.** The `restricted_roles` argument is deprecated. Use `datadog_restriction_policy` resource to manage monitor permissions instead.
```

Reviewer: Thanks, updated my suggestion to include that.
